Update deployment runners docs to include new oidc capabilities (#4284)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/customer-managed-agents.md

If you are running the agent inside a firewall ensure to allow outbound requests to api.pulumi.com. Ensure agents have the cloud provider credentials to be able to deploy in your environments.
{{% /notes %}}

> ### Leveraging OpenID authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Leveraging OpenID Authentication
```

> It is possible to use OpenID authentication to fetch Pulumi Pool tokens dinamically instead of having to configure a static token for the agents. To configure it, first it is required to register the OpenID provider as a trusted OIDC issuer in your pulumi account. For more information about this, refer to the [OIDC documentation](/docs/pulumi-cloud/oidc/client).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to use OpenID authentication to fetch Pulumi Pool tokens dynamically instead ofconfiguring a static token for the agents. You must first register the OpenID provider as a trusted OIDC issuer in your Pulumi account. For more information about this, refer to the [OIDC documentation](/docs/pulumi-cloud/oidc/client).
```

> After that, there are a few configurations required by the agent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After registering the provider, this other information is required by the agent:
```

> - `organization_name`: your Pulumi organization name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `organization_name`: your Pulumi Organization name
```

> - `runner_pool_id`: the pool id the instance will connect to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `runner_pool_id`: the pool ID that the instance will connect to
```

> - `token_expiration` (optional): the expiration for the tokens requested by the agent

Reviewer: what is the format for this?

Author: in seconds, I just updated it

> - `oidc_token_file`: the location of the file where the OIDC token will be dumped

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `oidc_token_file`: the location of the file where the OIDC token will be recorded
```

> The agent will attempt to read the `oidc_token_file` for a fresh OIDC token and exchange it automatically for a Pulumi token after each time the Pulumi token expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent will attempt to read the `oidc_token_file` for a fresh OIDC token and exchange it automatically for a Pulumi token every time the Pulumi token expires.
```
